minor update to build instructions (#134)
wkhtmltopdf/packaging: README.md

  * for seamless foreign arch emulation via qemu-user-static
* `vagrant` with `virtualbox` (for non-linux targets)

> These software requirements can be installed via a single command on Ubuntu:
> 
> *  20.04: `sudo apt install -y python-yaml docker.io vagrant virtualbox p7zip-full`
> *  22.04: `sudo apt install -y python3-yaml docker.io vagrant virtualbox p7zip-full`
> *  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu 22.04, this can be installed via a single command:

    sudo apt install -y python3-yaml docker.io vagrant virtualbox p7zip-full
```
I'd rather just document the current Ubuntu LTS, what do you think?

Author: Sorry, I somehow missed your response and  just seeing this now. I agree it makes sense to only document the latest release.
